This is John Nese and this is a lemonade shop.
This is Galco's Soda Pop Stop. We have about 700 kinds of sodas here.
We also have 700 different kinds of beer.
We have everything you look for in vain, and even that,
what do you look at and say, "I did not even know they were making it."
This is cucumber soda.
This has begun to be produced here and in 2010 it has become the soda of the year.
It's great.
This is Ouzon.
It's soda with licorice flavor.
I do not like licorice, but I tasted it and it was great.
We were an Italian grocery store.
The neighborhood has begun to change
and at about that time supermarkets bought distribution channels for small stores
and they closed them.
They destroyed our livelihood.
Their ways were not really nice.
I began to think about it and said,
"You know what? You should be glad that your shelves did not buy Pepsi
and that you can sell anything at will. "
So I discovered 25 smaller brands of sodas
and placed them in racks.
We have found out that small outlets still exist out there.
They use glass bottles, real ingredients, cane sugar ...
What more could people want?
Did you say cane sugar?
Do you want to hear about the US and their corn syrup?
Carefully!
When you go to a supermarket and eat frozen food or sweets ...
It does not matter what you eat ... Even in corn syrup.
It was not 25 years ago.
Everything is now corn syrup. Why?
This is the first soda in the bottle.
It was sold as a tonic to calm down the stomach.
If you drink it quickly, it will look like a carbonated cough syrup.
But when you sip it, you will feel the wheel, root beer, cinnamon, vanilla
licorice or even cherries.
There are 4 to 5 flavors in one bottle.
These come from Georgia.
They produce it from naturally carbonated water.
It does not catch it artificially, it flows out of the ground.
After I finished, I decided I wanted to trade.
My father told me to go for a big company.
But I told him I wanted to work here because every day is different.
He shook his head and said,
"You will hardly earn the rent.
You are a fool. Go for a big company and get paid. "
And I: "I do not want that."
That was important. So it's important.
What you are doing, you have to be happy.
If you do not like it, it's wrong.
Thank you to John Nes and to the staff of the Soda Pop Stop.
You can find them on York Boulevard in Higland Park, Los Angeles.
I apologize for the shaky camera, I had only GoPro with me.
But I could not forgive my visit to such a thing.